A handful of functions, auto-complete helpers, and stuff that makes you shout...

bq. "OH MY ZSHELL!"

h2. Differences from RobbyRussel
* Install everything, including config and history files in ~/.zsh to avoid cluttering your home directory.
* Installer backups up exisitng .zshrc if one exists, and restores on uninstall
* Installer will use MacPorts Zsh if installed
* ~.zshrc is a symbolic link to a default .zshrc, which then sources a user custom ~/.zsh/zshrc.zsh
* Plugin to use the 'most' pager
* A bunch of alias and completion customisatins 


h2. Setup

@oh-my-zsh@ should work with any recent release of "zsh":http://www.zsh.org/, the minimum recommended version is 4.3.9.

h3. The automatic installer... (do you trust me?)

@wget --no-check-certificate https://github.com/dmmalam/oh-my-zsh/raw/master/tools/install.sh -O - | sh@

h3. The manual way


1. Make Oh My Zsh directory
  @mkdir ~/.zsh@

2. Clone the repository
    @git clone git://github.com/dmmalam/oh-my-zsh.git ~/.zsh/oh-my-zsh@

3. Link default zshrc
   @ln -s ~/.zsh/oh-my-zsh/profile/zshrc.zsh ~/.zshrc@

4. Create a custom profile and edit as necessary
   @echo "#User Zsh Profile" > ~/.zsh/zshrc.zsh@

3. Set zsh as your default shell. Use MacPorts if necessary
   @chsh -s /opt/local/bin/zsh@

4. Start / restart zsh (open a new terminal is easy enough...)

h3. Problems?

You _might_ need to modify your PATH in ~/.zsh/zshrc.zsh if you're not able to find some commands after switching to _Oh My Zsh_.

h2. Usage

* enable the plugins you want in your @~/.zshrc@ (take a look at @plugins/@ to see what's possible)
** example: @plugins=(git osx ruby)@
* Theme support: Change the @ZSH_THEME@ environment variable in @~/.zshrc@.
** Take a look at the "current themes":https://wiki.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/themes that come bundled with _Oh My Zsh_.
* much much more...  take a look at @lib/@ what _Oh My Zsh_ offers...

h2. Useful

the "refcard":http://www.bash2zsh.com/zsh_refcard/refcard.pdf is pretty tasty for tips.

h3. Customization

If you want to override any of the default behavior, just add a new file (ending in @.zsh@) into the @custom/@ directory.
If you have many functions which go good together you can put them as a *.plugin.zsh file in the @plugin/@ directory and then enable this plugin.

h3. Uninstalling

If you want to uninstall it, just run @uninstall_oh_my_zsh@ from the command line and it'll remove itself and revert you to bash (or your previous zsh config).

h2. Thanks

* Rick Olson (technoweenie) might remember some of the configuration, which I took from a pastie a few years ago.
* Marcel (noradio) provided Rick the original zsh configuration.
* Nicholas (ulysses) for the "rake autocompletion code":http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2006/3/9/fast-rake-task-completion-for-zsh.

h2. Help out!

I'm far from being a zsh-expert and suspect there are many ways to improve. If you have ideas on how to make the configuration easier to maintain (and faster), don't hesitate to fork and send pull requests!

h3. Send us your theme!

I'm hoping to collect a bunch of themes for our command prompts. You can see existing ones in the @themes/@ directory.

h3. Todo from imajes:

* need to make the title bar support git folder